first pass of tags page (#6)
enclave-networks/docs: docs/management/tags.md

Tags can be manually added to enrolled systems, or an [Enrolment Key](/management/enrolment/) can be configured to apply an initial set of Tags to new systems as they enrol to your account.

## Usage

Tags form the building blocks of [policies](/management/policy/) and policies define connectivity between enrolled systems. Instead of directly attaching systems to a Policy, Administrators use Tags to freely group enrolled systems together which can be referenced once across many policies. The decoupling which Tags provide allows policies to be defined once and remain static, while the business shifts and evolves underneath.

For example, if an Administrator creates a `developers` Tag and a `kubernetes-pods` Tag, and then defines a `Kubernetes access` Policy which allows `developers` direct access to `kubernetes-pods`; then systems in the `developers` Tag can change over time, so can members of the `kubernetes-pods` Tag as new instances are spun up and old instances are shutdown. The policy however (the business intent underpinning connectivity between those groups) remains in-place, constant and unchanged.

> > **Managed vs. unmanaged systems:** When one or more Tags are attached to a system, that system automatically switches into Managed mode. This means all connectivity for that system must be defined by Policy and that the Enclave software on that system will no longer accept commands from the local user(s). Conversely, if no Tags are attached to a system then the opposite is true; the system enters Unmanaged mode and users are able to configure and control the Enclave software locally.

Reviewer: Suggest "will no longer accept commands from local user(s)" should be clarified to indicate it cannot be modified/configured locally. Users can still give some commands to enclave (stop/start/status, etc).

A valid Tag name is composed of lower-case characters (`a-z` and `0-9` without spaces) and may be up to 64 characters long. Valid separator characters include `-` and `.`

Tags names should be made up of designators which represent your organisational structure. Consider designations for your organisation which group systems by:

* By user geography: `uk`, `london` or `nyc-office`
* By business unit: `developers`, `sales` or `marketing`
* By security level: `staging`, `production` or `uat`
* By function: `webservers`, `database-servers` or `intranet`
* By infrastructure: `aws-eu-west-2` or `dc-lax-11`
* By project: `us-gov` or `f22-raptor`

You may also decide to combine multiple designations into a single Tag. We suggest using the period character `.` to include multiple designations as part of a single Tag name, with the most specific designator placed last.

* `f22-raptor.rapid-prototype-team`
* `nyc-office.developers`
* `aws-eu-west-2.production.webservers`
* `dc-lax-11.intranet`
* `uk.laptops`
* `uk.laptops.developers`
* `all-staff`
* `contractors`

> Once defined, account Administrators can add member systems to Tags and composed them policies to create connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once defined, account Administrators can add member systems to Tags and compose Policies to create connectivity.
```
